README.md, before:

[![made-with-python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Made%20with-Python-1f425f.svg)](https://www.python.org/)
[![Code style: black](https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-black-000000.svg)](https://github.com/psf/black)

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/vyahello/guess-the-melody-bot.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/vyahello/guess-the-melody-bot)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/vyahello/guess-the-melody-bot/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/vyahello/guess-the-melody-bot?branch=master)
[![Forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/vyahello/guess-the-melody-bot)](https://github.com/vyahello/guess-the-melody-bot/network/members)
[![Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/vyahello/guess-the-melody-bot)](https://github.com/vyahello/guess-the-melody-bot/stargazers)
[![Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/vyahello/guess-the-melody-bot)](https://github.com/vyahello/guess-the-melody-bot/issues)
[![GitHub watchers](https://img.shields.io/github/watchers/vyahello/guess-the-melody-bot.svg)](https://GitHub.com/vyahello/guess-the-melody-bot/graphs/watchers/)
[![GitHub contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/vyahello/guess-the-melody-bot.svg)](https://GitHub.com/vyahello/guess-the-melody-bot/graphs/contributors/)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-green.svg)](LICENSE.md)

# Guess the melody telegram bot game
> A quiz telegram bot game written in python
>
> ![Screenshot](quiz/demo/bot.png)

## Tools
- python 3.6+
- [pyTelegramBotAPI](https://github.com/eternnoir/pyTelegramBotAPI)
- code analysis
  - [pytest](https://pypi.org/project/pytest/)
  - [black](https://black.readthedocs.io/en/stable/)

## Usage
Run script from the root directory of the project:
```bash
➜ python -m quiz --run
Running quiz bot (press ctrl+c to escape)
...
```
Please specify your telegram `API key` to be able to use bot.

## Development notes

Project has Travis CI integration using [.travis.yml](.travis.yml) file thus code analysis (`black`) and unittests (`pytest`) will be run automatically
after every made change to the repository.

To be able to run code analysis, please execute command below:
```bash
➜ ./analyse-code.sh
```

## Release notes

* 0.1.1
  * Add Travis CI tool
* 0.1.0
  * Distribute initial version on a bot

### Meta

Author – Volodymyr Yahello

Distributed under the `MIT` license. See [LICENSE](LICENSE.md) for more information.

You can reach out me at:
* [vyahello@gmail.com](vyahello@gmail.com)
* [https://github.com/vyahello](https://github.com/vyahello)
* [https://www.linkedin.com/in/volodymyr-yahello-821746127](https://www.linkedin.com/in/volodymyr-yahello-821746127)

### Contributing
1. clone the repository
2. configure Git for the first time after cloning with your `name` and `email`
3. `pip install -r requirements.txt` to install all project dependencies
4. `pip install -r requirements-dev.txt` to install all dev project dependencies

Commit message:

Implement flake8 code formatter tool

README.md, after:

[![made-with-python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Made%20with-Python-1f425f.svg)](https://www.python.org/)
[![Code style: black](https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-black-000000.svg)](https://github.com/psf/black)

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/vyahello/guess-the-melody-bot.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/vyahello/guess-the-melody-bot)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/vyahello/guess-the-melody-bot/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/vyahello/guess-the-melody-bot?branch=master)
[![Forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/vyahello/guess-the-melody-bot)](https://github.com/vyahello/guess-the-melody-bot/network/members)
[![Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/vyahello/guess-the-melody-bot)](https://github.com/vyahello/guess-the-melody-bot/stargazers)
[![Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/vyahello/guess-the-melody-bot)](https://github.com/vyahello/guess-the-melody-bot/issues)
[![GitHub watchers](https://img.shields.io/github/watchers/vyahello/guess-the-melody-bot.svg)](https://GitHub.com/vyahello/guess-the-melody-bot/graphs/watchers/)
[![GitHub contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/vyahello/guess-the-melody-bot.svg)](https://GitHub.com/vyahello/guess-the-melody-bot/graphs/contributors/)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-green.svg)](LICENSE.md)

# Guess the melody telegram bot game
> Simple quiz telegram bot game written in python. It is called `GuessTheBot` so check for it in a telegram app.
>
> ![Screenshot](quiz/demo/bot.png)

## Tools
- python 3.6+
- [pyTelegramBotAPI](https://github.com/eternnoir/pyTelegramBotAPI)
- code analysis
  - [pytest](https://pypi.org/project/pytest/)
  - [flake8](http://flake8.pycqa.org/en/latest/)
  - [black](https://black.readthedocs.io/en/stable/)

## Usage
Run script from the root directory of the project:
```bash
➜ python -m quiz --run --key {your-secret-api-key}
Running quiz bot (press ctrl+c to escape)
...
```
Please specify your telegram `API key` to be able to use a bot.

## Development notes

Project has Travis CI integration using [.travis.yml](.travis.yml) file thus code analysis (`black`) and unittests (`pytest`) will be run automatically
after every made change to the repository.

To be able to run code analysis, please execute command below:
```bash
➜ ./analyse-code.sh
```

## Release notes

* 0.1.1
  * Add Travis CI tool
* 0.1.0
  * Distribute initial version on a bot

### Meta

Author – Volodymyr Yahello

Distributed under the `MIT` license. See [LICENSE](LICENSE.md) for more information.

You can reach out me at:
* [vyahello@gmail.com](vyahello@gmail.com)
* [https://github.com/vyahello](https://github.com/vyahello)
* [https://www.linkedin.com/in/volodymyr-yahello-821746127](https://www.linkedin.com/in/volodymyr-yahello-821746127)

### Contributing
1. clone the repository
2. configure Git for the first time after cloning with your `name` and `email`
3. `pip install -r requirements.txt` to install all project dependencies
4. `pip install -r requirements-dev.txt` to install all dev project dependencies
